>> We estimated the number of
contacts at around 30,000 per
year.
>> She sees an
object in the sky,
and these two entities
come out, they said,
come aboard our craft.
>> By early 1960s, we were
dealing with half a dozen
different species
or organizations.
>> People seeing these orbs
have these experiences where it
changes their lives.
>> We share the planet with
them, and they're here.
>> The Greys can
open up jump gates.
>> Pointed at the two
entities, and he yelled, stop.
Halt.
>> So if we could
just stop fighting,
we could change our own
civilization for the better.
We humans are already hybrids.
We may have been accelerated.
>> The Greys collect
genetic strains.
>> Our consensus was
that she's got alien DNA.
She's a hybrid.
>> We have a common
source of creation,
of some other beings
that created both of us.
>> That's the consciousness
shifting point,
where we get to move upward.
>> Consciousness is the very
important aspect of this.